Compactor: Upload Block Data and Index Concurrently (#10947)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

# CLI flag: -compactor.max-lookback
[compactor_max_lookback: <duration> | default = 0s]

> # (advanced) Maximum number of TSDB segment files that can be uploaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# (advanced) Maximum number of TSDB segment files that you can upload
```
